and why is this not an ordinary tomato
soup well it's not worry for a number of
reasons first we're going to use a
canned sauce tomato the plum tomatoes
they're ripe they're meaty and saunas
San marzanos are great one trick I
learned from a wonderful Italian
cookbook was really pulling out that
pithy center which is tough and
eliminate some of the water in this way
we just lay it down and we roast these
two even dehydrate them more so all of
these and what do you do with that juice
it comes save that juice for the soup
it's such a simple I thought you're
gonna say save it for the Bloody Marys
well we do that as well
and so you know it becomes a real
evaluation of the tomato makes a great
soup okay so that's good so these get
dried in the oven just dry them in the
items elzar with some olive oil olive
oil and salt and then they throw them in
at 350 for about 10 minutes you can go
really hard on it and add a lot of
caramelize ation tomato soup we just
want to pull the moisture out fleur de
sel fleur de sel is the best is it you
know what I like to do I like to roast
these and just eat them on toast I love
what I use like that oh I'm good okay so
that goes in the oven so right into the
oven and then it's all about now
starting to sweat the vegetables to
create that flavor base we have our
onions right here we have our butter
which is melted or homemade butter which
is wonderful Vidalia onions are in
season right now we just lay those in
and this is a crucial step that a lot of
people I think forget which is really
break those tomatoes down that's it yeah
yeah there we go
so that it's not about ten minutes it's
about sweating and letting this onion
become a new thing a lot of the flavor
is gonna happen right here right all
right so you see the dehydrated tomatoes
yeah once this goes down we're gonna
throw in a little fresh bay leaf and
look how bright and fresh thyme fresh
thyme a little smashed garlic cuz we
want that to get flavored in there so
this is the base of a marinara the base
of tomato so cook this and cook this is
cook and cook until we're ready to go
alright alright thank you and so you see
it's all nice and melted yes and then
we're gonna just go in with our Tomatoes
if you want to slide a hold these okay
good have a partner in the kitchen hmm
so beautiful
so how many seats is your restaurant
have 55 so it's pretty intimate nice
size though oh yeah and you know it's
dinner only seven dollars cooking
tonight I've got a great you're here
well you know everything's about team
and I want all that oil to leave out all
that flame all tomato infused oil rubber
spatulas are essential and then we let
that stew around then we're gonna pour
the tomato juice in and we're gonna
touch it from one can
that's from I think we're two can okay a
little cayenne pepper in there we're
gonna put a pinch more of fleur de sel I
like cooking with fleur de sel because
it's not high in salinity I think
there's a lot of your mommy in there
it's just a great season rattle oh
tomatoes in Florida cellars ones already
looks good and then uh-oh do Mantic I
have chicken stock or water or a little
extra tomato juice on the side to
evaluate the consistency a lot is about
how much are you gonna reduce the soup
okay I have the food mill cuz I like
that course or a structure and I don't
want to whip a lot of air in there
that's how we're gonna bring that until
we get our soup to make a little
splatter let's say it's uh already I was
my favorite job in the kitchen was
putting all the tomatoes through the
food milk made that great big one oh the
other bands are nice it's just different
than just going straight to a blender
and see it's calmer so you have a gastro
tub also so your home and Finch is
really a celebration of whole meat
cookery till 2:00 in the morning I felt
that uh eating carbonara after midnight
it makes your life better
no way
yes so I thank you and so we just keep
bringing that in so we get all those
juices and all that pulp off and you
don't want to waste any earlier look at
that and always rate the bottom of your
food mill everybody yes that's probably
the best part right there so good and
then we really have our soup which is
just icy cream here you're gonna add
cream shorter or not we're gonna add a
little cream and so you have this nice
sauce is this from the same cows yeah
it's all Johnson how much the whole
thing uh I think that's good it's good
okay so there's our soup right there
delicious I know it's so simple yeah
taste a little bit of that soup mmm very
good
you